Cliff Rockwell: It says here one o'clock meeting. Who are we meeting with?
Daisy Meadows: Don't worry about it.
Cliff Rockwell: Oh no, please.
Daisy Meadows: No, it's important to meet with the park rangers.
Daisy Meadows: They are the first line of defense.
Ranger Rick: Daisy Meadows!
Daisy Meadows: Hey, Reed.
Ranger Rick: What's up, pencil pushers?
Ranger Rick: Haverford, good to see you, man.
Ranger Rick: Is it hot in here?
Ranger Rick: I feel hot. Are you guys hot?
Ranger Rick: How you guys doing? I'm good.
Ranger Rick: You guys got any snacks?
Cliff Rockwell: Reed is the head of all outdoor security.
Cliff Rockwell: Why was he transferred from his indoor desk job, you ask?
Cliff Rockwell: Listen.
Ranger Rick: Hey, Daisy, have you seen Avatar?
Ranger Rick: I never saw Avatar.
Ranger Rick: I wanted to read the book first,
Ranger Rick: but then I realized there's no book version of Avatar.
Ranger Rick: What'd you guys do for St. Paddy's Day?
Ranger Rick: I was wearing this t-shirt that said,
Ranger Rick: kiss me, I'm Irish,
Ranger Rick: but no one would kiss me.
Ranger Rick: So!
Ranger Rick: You're too important for me until one of your own gets attacked.
Daisy Meadows: I just feel like there's more we can do to keep the park safe.
Ranger Rick: Oh, you think you know how to do my job?
Ranger Rick: Well, you might not be so confident
Ranger Rick: once you've walked a mile on my size sevens.
Daisy Meadows: Kind of small feet.
Cliff Rockwell: Actually, seven is the worldwide average.
Ranger Rick: Boo!
Reed Marsh: I don't know.
Reed Marsh: Daisy, I'd rather be back at the office.
Daisy Meadows: I know this is painful for you, Reed,
Daisy Meadows: but you have to be strong.
Ranger Rick: You guys ready?
Daisy Meadows: Oh, boy, yeah.
Daisy Meadows: Okay, we're ready.
Ranger Rick: I'm gonna show you guys all the problems we've been facing.
Ranger Rick: I'm gonna show you that we've been doing everything we can.
Daisy Meadows: I'm looking forward to working together, Reed.
Ranger Rick: And after that, I'm gonna show you this log I found.
Ranger Rick: It's got, like, 50 worms on it.
Ranger Rick: I call it Worm Log.
Ranger Rick: Yeah, I've always been a bit of an outdoorsman.
Ranger Rick: Uh, when I was a kid,
Ranger Rick: my parents used to make me hang out in the backyard a lot
Ranger Rick: and just run around till I got tired.
Ranger Rick: But if there's any criminals out there watching,
Ranger Rick: I never get tired.
Ranger Rick: And ladies, too.
Cliff Rockwell: This thing is a mess.
Ranger Rick: We used to have three carts, actually.
Ranger Rick: The first one got pushed into the creek by some kids.
Ranger Rick: The second one, raccoons got onto.
Ranger Rick: There was urine everywhere.
Ranger Rick: And the third one was recently stolen.
Cliff Rockwell: What's this one?
Ranger Rick: This is the second one, the raccoon piss one.
Ranger Rick: All right, so, we're gonna just head out.
Ranger Rick: Oh, no.
Ranger Rick: You know what? I think we got too much weight.
Daisy Meadows: Oh.
Daisy Meadows: That's Cliff, probably.
Cliff Rockwell: Are you serious?
Daisy Meadows: Cliff, can you get off, please?
Daisy Meadows: Just run alongside the cart, okay?
Ranger Rick: Okay, here we go.
Daisy Meadows: Whoa.
Ranger Rick: So, let me tell you a little bit about the park.
Ranger Rick: Uh, up here on the left is, uh,
Ranger Rick: one of our most beautiful grass fields.
Ranger Rick: Uh, it's primarily grass.
Ranger Rick: All right, I'm gonna make a hard left here.
Ranger Rick: Stick with us, Cliff.
Ranger Rick: Hey, is this looking familiar?
Reed Marsh: Uh, yeah, it happened right over there.
Ranger Rick: Oh, yeah.
Ranger Rick: I'm not surprised.
Ranger Rick: Take a look at this path.
Ranger Rick: With budget cuts, we can't afford a single safety light.
Ranger Rick: There's been 10 assaults already this year.
Daisy Meadows: Wow, really?
Daisy Meadows: Can't you station a park ranger out here?
Ranger Rick: We have. Who do you think they're assaulting?
Ranger Rick: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to yell.
Daisy Meadows: One way or another, I'm gonna get money
Daisy Meadows: so you can protect Reed and all the other
Daisy Meadows: helpless, pathetic people in this town.
Cliff Rockwell: Oh.
Cliff Rockwell: You guys gotta slow down.
Cliff Rockwell: You guys taking a rest for a minute?
Daisy Meadows: No, Cliff, sorry, no can do.
Daisy Meadows: Sun's going down. It's real dangerous out here.
Daisy Meadows: Let's roll, Reed.
Reed Marsh: Okay, going fast.